= yuback

* https://github.com/garnieretienne/yuback

== DESCRIPTION:

Yuback is a tool designed to backup web applications.
It can backup an application fully or partially. 
The configuration can deal with source code, cache folder, framework folder, databases and dynamic files folders.

The libraries can also be used independently in a ruby script.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

/!\ Yuback IS NOT READY FOR PRODUCTION !

Features:
  - Backup an application
  - Backup only few componment of an application
  - Support for framework folders exclusion
  - Support for cache folders exclusion
  - Support for several loglevels and destinations (stdout, syslog, logfile)

TODO:
  - Support the pool option (actually save backup in the current directory)
  - Verify than each coposants of an application exist
  - Deal with several databases servers
  - Deal with several databases type (only MySQL is supported)
  - Deal with several 'pools' (destination folder), support for SFTP and other remote protocols

== SYNOPSIS:

  Usage: yuback [options] profile
   -h, --help                       Display this help
   -c, --config CONFIG              Config file path, 
                                      default /etc/yuback/yuback.conf
   -p, --pool PATH                  Path to the pool
   -b, --backup src,db,f            Backup only sources, databases or files  

== REQUIREMENTS:

System:
* libarchive-dev
* swig

Gems:
* libarchive-ruby-swig

== INSTALL:

* FIX (sudo gem install, anything else)

== DEVELOPERS:

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

== LICENSE:

Yuback - Another backup tool
Copyright (C) 2011 Etienne Garnier <garnier.etienne@gmail.com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>

